# VSCode-Machine-Learning-API

This is the subsystem of Data Analysis. Basic operations such as Time-Series Analysis and Visualization are featured primarily in the MATLAB platform. At research, this subsystem extends its ability to performing data analysis into Optimization and Machine Learning. Since the core of our work works with data of consumption and generation of power in time series format, the hardware also enables the ability to collect sensor data in terms of irradiation from sunlight. In supervised learning definition, this can be represented as a feature input in Machine Learning context with generation and consumption of power as observation variables y, while exploring methods such as Linear Regression, Polynomial Regression, Artificial Neural Network, Time-Series Forecasting to forecast future events denoting the predicted consumption and generation of power in the system. The most effective method is Time-Series Forecasting that leveraged ARIMA technology application that integrates autocorrelation and feature of moving average to study the dependency between each timestep of observation variable and predict the next observation value of output based on time. This is the smart and efficient way to apply ARIMA application in the context of forecasting time-series consumption and generation data of solar panel system to maximize productivity. In our GITHUB, the repository is built and storing the effort and work of ARIMA application file that is built using available resources in MATLAB, and also the work of Linear, Polynomial Regression and Artificial Neural Network in MATLAB that uses LiveScript file to feature step-by-step work. At the byproduct of our work, all data of predictions and the corresponding feature input in values will be recorded on an Excel .xlsx file that is ready for the next stage.
